refine PRR questions to include how an end user can self-diagnose (#2588)
kubernetes/enhancements: keps/NNNN-kep-template/README.md

logs or events for this purpose.
-->

> ###### How can an end user leveraging this feature know that it is working?

Reviewer: nit: I'm assuming that it's about every "instance of the feature" (however we call it), right?
E.g. if this is a pod-related feature, I would like to answer that for every pod separately?

I like the question, but I think we may try to be a bit more precise on it - wdyt?

> ###### How can an end user leveraging this feature know that it is working?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
###### How can someone using this feature know that it is working?
```

<!--
Pick one more of these and delete the rest.

> Recall that end users cannot usually observe component logs or access metrics.

Reviewer 3: maybe something like: "Please describe all items visible to end users below with sufficient detail so that they can verify correct enablement and operation of this feature. Recall that end users cannot..."

but also wondering do we also want this mandatory in docs (if it's not already)?

logs or events for this purpose.
-->

> ###### How can someone using this feature know that it is working for his instance?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
###### How can someone using this feature know that it is working for their instance?
```
